{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The initial feedback I got for my first prototype pointed out multiple areas needed improvement including clear action/navigation, dull text content, and lack of a way to get in contact. \
\
Initially, I used links to navigate from page to page instead of a navbar. I had links on the left side of the homepage to other sub-pages including 
\i Portfolio, Projects, Contact, 
\i0 and 
\i Bio. 
\i0 In the new website, I lost all of these links, and added a navbar. \
\
In order to streamline the user experience in a more minimalistic layout, I reduced the number of pages to two with only the homepage, and a page titled 
\i Work. 
\i0 The homepage now includes all info/bio, professional skills, and contact, along with a link to the 
\i Work
\i0  page. With
\i  
\i0 the help of a navbar, it is possible to easily navigate and skip to a particular section on the homepage. If you want to read on my skills, you can skip right ahead. \
\
The 
\i Work 
\i0 page similarly follows a minimalistic layout with a h1 heading linked back to the homepage, links to social media underneath the heading, and a concise portfolio of digital work following the heading.\
\
In order to create clear navigation, action, and interaction out of the formerly-dull text content, I first turned the block of info/bio-text into rows of individual sentences in the 
\i info
\i0  section. I emphasized three crucial statements here by using h3 tags as opposed to h4 that I used in the others. I also linked these 3 emphasized statements to external pages directly related to each of these statements in the context of the art shown on the website. \
\
As the homepage now follows a streamlined navigation, scrolling down reveals an unmistakable link to the work portfolio right after the info section on the homepage, as opposed to having these two sections on two separate pages other than the homepage. \
\
At the bottom of the home page, I added a form for the visitors to leave a message to the webmaster. The form asks for name, email, and phone as well as a message, and provides ease of use to any visitor who wants to leave a message while providing as much contact information as they want. }